back in 2005 I sent a copy of answers to
your Bible version questions to one of
the fathers of the modern creation
science movement dr. Henry Morris and I
wrote to him about how important it was
when he came to my Bible College in the
1980s and said some words that changed
my life he said something like this if
you cannot believe Genesis 1 to 11
how can you believe John 3:16
if you cannot believe that death came by
the one man Adam then how can you
believe that life came by the second
Adam the Lord Jesus Christ
oh my professors ridiculed it but those
words never left me so I wrote it to him
when I sent him the book on May 20th dr.
Morris wrote me a letter back totally
surprised me part of his note he said
this but I especially enjoyed reading
answers to your Bible version questions
I have a whole shelf of books on the
King James only movement but I think
yours is the best with the most
impressive evidences and he invited my
family to come visit him in Santee near
San Diego at the creation Science Museum
so on June 1st 2005 my family and I did
just that we didn't even know that dr.
Morris was just recovering from
pneumonia and he asked his son dr. John
Morris the president of ICR the
Institute for Creation Research to give
us a personal tour of the museum after
that we took them to lunch and during
that time John entertained my kids and
my wife and I got to talk to dr. Henry
and while we were there he focused on
one issue the issue of the King James
Bible it turns out that some people from
wit cliff si L Summer Institute of
linguistics had really shaken his faith
about the idea that God had preserved
his words he said that he wanted me to
come back just myself to spend the day
with him so we'd go back and forth spend
a whole day together and answer some
real tough questions and then he wanted
me to speak to his staff and ICR about
why I believe that the King James Bible
is God's preserved words in English and
I told him I would but during the time
that I was preparing on February 25th
2006 dr. Henry Morris graduated into
eternity I never got to give him the
answers to his questions when I was
looking through his articles that he had
written over the years I found one that
he had written the month before we
contacted each other in April of 2005 in
it I was startled to find these quotes
but all translations including even the
King James are imperfect he continued
but did not God say that he would
preserve all his pure words and do so
forever if so many would ask where is it
where can we read these perfectly
preserved words well God has clearly
answered this good question forever O
Lord thy word is settled in heaven
psalm 119 89 and quote our gods words
only preserved in heaven hi I'm David
Daniels from chick publications dr.
Moore
seems to have written the article before
he got to read my book but regardless I
would still love to answer his question
so here's what I would have told dr.
Henry Morris his son dr. John Morris and
the staff at I see are first I'd like I
take a step back and use some of dr.
Morris's own words and then answer those
questions one by one he said did not God
saying that he would preserve all his
pure words and do so forever if so many
would ask where is it where can we read
these perfectly preserved words even a
pagan knows that God's words are
preserved in heaven he would reason it's
God's domain I mean why wouldn't they be
settled in heaven
the miracle would be if they were
settled in earth so think about these
words that were said and written down by
God the Son the Lord Jesus Christ listen
to his words Matthew 6 verse 10 you can
even quote it with me thy kingdom come
thy will be done in earth as it is in
heaven everyone knows that God's will is
done in heaven the miracle would be if
God's will were done in earth God holds
us accountable for his words not in
heaven but in earth today where we live
on this planet jesus also said Matthew
24:35 heaven and earth shall pass away
but my words shall not pass away so
for God to preserve his God to keep his
promise to preserve his words they have
to be right here in earth so his next
question where is it
that's easily answered look for a people
and a place where the person that God
exalts as his kind of person is in
action look for somebody who is
persecuted who is unjustly treated
though he lives for righteousness and
sheds his blood when necessary to
preserve God's words and to keep the
gospel going and then look at the Bible
that they read I'll give you a hint
persecuting Rome loves the wrong one
that's just one reason why I put my
faith in the four hundred years plus
tried tested and proved King James Bible
God's preserved words in English faith
in these words bears that kind of fruit
God did promise to preserve his words
and God didn't keep them in the King
James Bible in English for us why would
God hold us accountable for his exact
words if he did not give us his exact
words god bless you and have a wonderful
day